Existential subqueries (#1358)
memgraph/documentation: pages/querying/clauses/where.md

---
title: WHERE clause

> description: In Memgraph, easily rows with the WHERE 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: In Memgraph, filter query results with precision using the WHERE operator. Explore our detailed documentation and resources to learn more.
```
